When the first of the wolves came down from the mountian, it was a foggy night. The moon hung low on the plains, putting the prey in shadow. The wolves being hungry. Would if given the chance eat the shadows that grazed there on the plain. The plane in the air how ever new to the skies did not know how to graze and came down abruptly stopping because the plane met the plain. What was left... a few more shadows that seemed to graze upon the plain too. The wolves did not care what the shadows were. only that they were grazing, or at least in the case of the survivors of the plane, seemed to be grazing. The wolves did not know they were merly doubled over in pain crawling around on the ground, But the wolves did sense weakness from some of the shadows all of them moving a bit more franticly. Looking around taking stock. The wolves new how to take stalk. and began slowly and very widly circling all of the shadows. trying to make sense of the mayhem. Wolves don't care about mayhem or fireballs, that was over anyway. The seant of blood and fear hung in the air. Wolves smacking their lips but still cautious very very slowly moving a bit closer giving stalk.

Now Jim and Jane were Burly and strong both of them could take down a bear each, and then drink a beer while roasting bear meat from a fire they'd started while they were figting the baear. They knew they were going to be stalked, but were unsure how close anything that might be able to eat them was. Jim had a piece of metal through his left leg, and Jane some rigid plastic through her right bicep. There was no time to look around. They were both looking for a first aid case, they would have to pull out the forgien objects soon, clean the wound. and begin a hunt for food and communication.
